abomb       butterfly  door         hey        lust       rose2     there
ack         bye        dragon       hi         marvin     rose3     thumber
aladdin     bye2       dragon1      hiya       meep       rose4     thumper
anamaniacs  cabbin     dragon2      holiday    mickey     rose5     tickle
argh        calvin     dragon3      hollybday  monkey     rose6     tiger
baby        candle     eagle        honey      monkeygod  rose7     tigger1
bambi       candle2    edge         hot        moon       rosedn    triviarules
barney      candle3    elephant     house      mouse2     roses     tweetie
bat         candycan   exams        hug        mug        rosetop   tweety
batman      cartoons   face         hug1       musictest  roze      twerp
bear        cash       face3        hug2       musictst   rudolph   tyrano
bearhug     castle3    face4        hug3       nghost     seal      unicorn
bears1      cat        facex        hugs       nude7      shamrock  unicorns
beer        cat1       fatal        hugs1      nuzzle     shuttle   whale
bevis       cat2       ferret       hugs2      odie       sick      wink
bheart      catgal     finger       jurassic   opus       simpsons  winnie2
bheart2     cd         finghel      kiss       orca       skier     wizard
bigrose     charm      fireworksvt  kiss1      panic      smallpix  wolf1
bill_the    chilly     flag         kiss2      peace      smile     wolf2
bird        christ     flag2        kisses     pizza      smiley    wolf3
birthday    closet     freek        kitty      plucky     snowman   wolf4
bonsai      copywrong  fuzzies      lbears     poke       snuggle   wolf5
bounce      cowboy     fuzzy        lips       ppanther   socials   wolves
boxer       cuddle     garfield     love       rabbit1    spam      woohoo
brownies    dancers    garfield2    love2      rat        squeeze   xwing
bug         deer       hangon       love3      rose       surprise
bull        dinosaur   heart        love4      rose1      taz
bunny1      doh        hearts       loveu      rose15     taz2
