3-d.flf		       fuzzy.flf	      relief2.flf
5lineoblique.flf       gnome.flf	      rev.flf
acrobatic.flf	       goofy.flf	      reverse.flf
alligator.flf	       gothic.flf	      reverse2.flf
alligator2.flf	       graffiti.flf	      roman.flf
alligator3.flf	       greek.flf	      rot13.flf
alphabet.flf	       hollywood.flf	      rounded.flf
arrows.flf	       invita.flf	      rowancap.flf
avatar.flf	       isometric1.flf	      rozzo.flf
banner.flf	       isometric2.flf	      runic.flf
banner3-D.flf	       isometric3.flf	      sblood.flf
banner3.flf	       isometric4.flf	      script.flf
banner4.flf	       italic.flf	      serifcap.flf
barbwire.flf	       ivrit.flf	      shadow.flf
basic.flf	       jazmine.flf	      short.flf
bell.flf	       jerusalem.flf	      slant.flf
big.flf		       katakana.flf	      slide.flf
bigchief.flf	       kban.flf		      slscript.flf
binary.flf	       keyboard.flf	      small.flf
block.flf	       larry3d.flf	      smisome1.flf
bolger.flf	       lcd.flf		      smkeyboard.flf
bright.flf	       lean.flf		      smpoison.flf
bubble.flf	       letters.flf	      smscript.flf
bulbhead.flf	       linux.flf	      smshadow.flf
caligraphy.flf	       lockergnome.flf	      smslant.flf
catwalk.flf	       madrid.flf	      speed.flf
chunky.flf	       marquee.flf	      stampatello.flf
coinstak.flf	       maxfour.flf	      standard.flf
colossal.flf	       mike.flf		      starwars.flf
computer.flf	       mini.flf		      stellar.flf
contessa.flf	       mirror.flf	      stop.flf
contrast.flf	       mnemonic.flf	      straight.flf
cosmic.flf	       morse.flf	      tanja.flf
cosmike.flf	       moscow.flf	      term.flf
cyberlarge.flf	       nancyj-fancy.flf       thick.flf
cybermedium.flf        nancyj-improved.flf    thin.flf
cybersmall.flf	       nancyj-underlined.flf  threepoint.flf
diamond.flf	       nancyj.flf	      ticks.flf
digital.flf	       nipples.flf	      ticksslant.flf
drpepper.flf	       nscript.flf	      tiles.flf
eftichess.flf	       o8.flf		      tinker-toy.flf
eftifont.flf	       ogre.flf		      tombstone.flf
eftipiti.flf	       peaks.flf	      trek.flf
eftirobot.flf	       pebbles.flf	      tubular.flf
eftitalic.flf	       pepper.flf	      twopoint.flf
eftiwall.flf	       poison.flf	      univers.flf
eftiwater.flf	       puffy.flf	      usaflag.flf
epic.flf	       pyramid.flf	      weird.flf
fender.flf	       rectangles.flf
fourtops.flf	       relief.flf
